Hello, my friends, we are opening again
130 chest a little bit just a little bit checks
as you can see what is already a chest account
what day is there anybody selling
remembers no, I don't remember, I don't remember 10
thick 11 all wash 12 no matter how much
remember let's take a look inside
pretty good items not all
Of course the taste and color as they say
comrades no let's see wand
on Leon but I have a mortal therefore
Naturally I will go smart but
not less by the way who from my set
No, but at least similar botan
Satan of the same year orders shmotochki
but naturally I will drive my son
portal and this is probably the game so
We look further that we will fall out
pretty funny braid there still
that she will fall out
so now the sword on the Oscars there king here
so he looks like this but you know
an ordinary unremarkable sword
I know which one is better for me to choose
most like this one 4
fig you know honestly say open
the next little chest topchik and in it
introduces the way did not say that the past
once did not show sticks like everything
showed grease that chest fell here
These are the two sticks but now fallen
3 this is probably this is probably the most
such a cool danna they all rakki
so next chest what's in it
let's see almost got it but he
but by the way this staff is pretty
not a bad 4 sphinx at all
more belongings look cool i am you
I will say compared to the standard let's say
So I'm talking about the cropped version, just like
new sites we air warcraft lot of
draenor will not pump too
evolve add new parts to
they will be but the blade on slarka but you know
such should abode me more
just like my here is this standard
my standard zelenenky to hero chik
so next
little chest
his blade valdo
so here it looks
And what is it generally dysport not
it is clear that it is not clear what it is that
for a subject which is similar to some
fruit ice, I don't know, but I feed cuckoo
caramel without any vulgarity new
principle warrior with a sword pretty
cool then he is always with batons to
the topic comes here is cool sound features
varies with baton to sword blow
one more weapon for house night and me
Already many have become before any
sky but probably the coolest of those
that i have a hatchet and welcome to it
it is even possible to customize
just five stuff
but what about where cassano abaddon and
not yet
mouse for and giving
bat straight rodent such know who
I like the orange color originally
such a serpent can be exchanged for it
so we look further
sprayed
hammer on omniknight and where is he by the way here
he is pretty cool by the way
hammer i watch
but I think you will be more of course but
pejic my setu best suited
this one is my standard
Of course hatchet I do not know, you can with this
drive a couple of games
For fun, so let's look inside.
here
opening let's press the spit on the pallets
bastards
so thats for the ax
noggin new then this reason fell but
know and but it is very similar to
standard would say that is very
It looks like this I had this
here he gets yes looks
remember even getting it looks like this
look inside
what is there a little chest next staff but
you also began to repeat the subject but
Cats are 1 in a
abadonna
and in the last chest we do not fall
just just an epic
I don’t wear luck though the sword is pretty
cool but here and touch
without the help of mist coil in principle
depending on the mood with a scythe
or with the ball here are these little things
dear friends some of them i
I will play with some I'll go to myself
streams appear on random peaks and so
further a little took his mayor well yes
okay salai i don't play except qualifiers
did not play therefore me pretty
low friends see you all thanks for
what looked
chest openers subscribe to
our public subscribe our channel
put the huskies see you bye